source: https://github.com/alexeygrigorev/mlbookcamp-code/tree/master/course-zoomcamp/cohorts/2022
Imagine a scenario where a customer wants to sell their car on a car classified website. This website requires to add description of your car type, model, mileage, and price etc. However, they can't decide on the price of the car. The reason being that the price should not be too low or high. Therefore, determining the optimal price of the car is challenging. One solution would be to predict the price manually, where the customer needs to do their own research on several similar car classified websites and spend time to search for similar cars and their prices. But the question is: How can we (as the owner of the car classified company) suggest prices to our customers? This can be achieved with the help of machine learning (ML).

Before applying ML to predict the price of the car, we need to gather all the information provided by the user. For example, the following features/characteristics of the cars that are provided by the customers:

1. Year: the manufature year of the car (i.e.,older the car, lower is the price)
2. Price: estimated price of the car provided by the customers
3. Make: manufacturer of the car i.e. BMW, VW
4. Mileage: how many Kilometers, car has driven

Thus, in ML world data is broadly of two types: features (all info about the data at hand), and target (this is what is going to be predicted). 

Generally, a human expert can determine the price of the car by using the above described information or features. The question is, how an expert decides on the price: they usually have gathered information from other dealerships, learnt about the general price of the cars based on their available features. Therefore, an expert has spent enough time to learn and extract some patterns about the price based on the their experience. 

If an expert can determine the price of the car so can a ML model! If a dataset is available to us with features and price, we can feed a ML model with datasets and the ML model will learn from the provided patterns. 
